To see this navigation concept in action we need to create more pages.
We only get the home page right now.
Well that's not enough to navigate around.
So let's create additional pages.
We have two ways of creating additional pages.
The first one is probably quicker one the automatic way we can use Geonic steel and run ionic generate
page and then we can enter the name of the page.
For example let's add a user's page here.
Now by hitting enter this will create this page in the pages folder in a new subfolder named users and
it automatically gives us those free files.
By the way if you're wondering what the SCA is as far as doing I'll come back to this soon.
So this is a normal component here.
And the downside of using the ionic command is that it gives us a lot of boilerplate like for example
this comment like this import we don't need because we don't need to inject those things like will come
back to them later.
And we also don't need this strange method to which all will come back.
So now that we clean this up you'll see it's a normal angler to component just a typescript KLOS with
the at component decorator and decorator is imported from Angle core not from Ionic.
So again a normal component and I'm stressing this because it's important to understand.
Now of course our component also has a template extra little one here though you could also use the
inline template.
Now in this template we all got this boilerplate this unnecessary comment and then you see we have a
header and a content section marked by those Ironhead.
And I in content components components I on two ships with a typical page always has a header and a
content.
You can also add a folder with either footer though so this now marks the footer place and these are
the three things you have in a typical page in the header.
We have a number of built in component the IMF bar which basically sets up this tool bar at the top.
And then there we have another component in title.
And these are all components shipping with ionic too which provide nice styling placed those things
correctly make them look nice on mobile devices.
Here I I'm renaming the title to their users and then the content.
I don't want to display buttons for different users you could say.
So here I want to add a button and to make it look nicer ironic to ships with a certain directive.
I unbuttoned directive.
I will come back to this directive and to the ionic components shortly here you can click on user Max
let's say does the caption off the button.
And then I'll add a horizontal line and add another button.
All the wifi and Button directive where I say user Anna of course choose any text you like.
Now we have two buttons in the footer.
I'm going to place the footer and I'm adding a number directive which you also see on iron content padding.
Does the Navarrete built in help or direct the on a two ships with which simply add some padding to
make it look nice to have the content not sit directly on the edges.
Know the buttons alone of course don't do much.
We want to hooked them up to navigate us somewhere and we will do this in a second.
But right now we don't even have a way to get to this user's page here.
Remember the default page is the home page.
So what be nice if you could go to the user's page from the home page.
So let's switch to the home template and there in the content I'm going to delete all this year and
maybe all change is too ironic to basics whatever you like.
And here are all add another button I-and button.
And simply say users now want to be taken to the user's page when I click this button and we can do
this by adding a click listener and then executing some effort.
For example on Go-To users and now of course we need to implement this method.
This is normal English to code we can implement it here in the home the tears file and now we already
have the constructor injecting the NAF control.
We will need this to navigate around.
Now D-Nev. control or basically is a tool a class provided by ironic.
You can see we're importing it from ionic angler which allows us to manage this stack of pages.
Remember this was the important concept I wanted to was using when we talk about navigating around so
the nav controller is responsible for managing this.
Therefore if you want to switch the page we should use the nav controller to push a new page on that
stack because again this is how navigation works.
We simply push and pop items and we always view the top most one.
So here I want to push my users page and I do this by pushing users page simply to type here and also
make sure to import this type from users users.
So from this file now if this push to make it work I also be registered users page in the app module.
Let's do this in declarations.
Users page make sure to also add the import and also add it to the entry components.
Because again angle or two is not aware that this page here is due to be loaded that this component
is due to be loaded because we're not using it with a selector and we're not using the English to router
with those changes in place and I on externe serves still running.
It will automatically recompile this.
Once you save it and you can then wisit your app in the browser and you see the users button and if
you click on this button.
Wow.
You see you're taken to your newly created page the users page and you automatically get this back button
added here.
This is what I want to use doing for you doing this animation and giving you the back button when you
use it's navigation concept.
This stack of pages and does is super super important to understand this is the core of our next to
this idea of navigating around this stack of pages which you manage.
Now we will learn much more about the stack throughout the course.
But this was very important to get out of the way right at the beginning.
And with that I'd say let's dive deeper into some of the ionic to basics and what it offers us